[Docs] Add new_task example; improve: feature store engines descriptions, log_artifact, function handler (#4756)
mlrun/mlrun: docs/store/artifacts.md

An artifact is any data that is produced and/or consumed by functions, jobs, or pipelines. 

> Each artifact has a kind that is assigned when the artifact is created, which are also 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are several types of Artifacts. The type of the Artifact is reflected in the `kind` attribute of each Artifact. These types are also 
```

used in the for grouping the [artifacts in the UI](#viewing-artifacts). 
The main kinds of artifacts are:

- Files — Files, directories, images, figures, and plotlines
- Datasets — Any data, such as tables and DataFrames
- Models — All trained models
- Feature Store Objects — Feature sets and feature vectors

> Artifacts metadata is stored in the project’s database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Artifacts metadata is stored in MLRun's database. 
```

An artifact is any data that is produced and/or consumed by functions, jobs, or pipelines. 

There are several types of Artifacts. The type of the Artifact is reflected in the 
`kind` attribute of each Artifact. These types are also 

> used in the for grouping the [artifacts in the UI](#viewing-artifacts). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
used for grouping the [artifacts in the UI](#viewing-artifacts). 
```

You can set the default `artifact_path` for your environment using the {py:func}`~mlrun.set_environment` function.

You can override the default `artifact_path` configuration by setting the `artifact_path` parameter of 

> the {py:func}`~mlrun.projects.MlrunProject.artifact_path` function. You can use variables in the artifacts path, 

Reviewer: This is not accurate - by setting the `MlrunProject.artifact_path` property you override the default `artifact_path` configuration **for that specific project**.

You can set the default `artifact_path` for your environment using the {py:func}`~mlrun.set_environment` function.

You can override the default `artifact_path` configuration by setting the `artifact_path` parameter of 

> the {py:func}`~mlrun.projects.MlrunProject.artifact_path` function. You can use variables in the artifacts path, 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the {py:class}`~mlrun.projects.MlrunProject` object, setting the artifact path for objects belonging to that project. You can use variables in the artifacts path, 
```
